(DOCSP-33533) Follow-up small edits (#170)
mongodb/docs-meta: source/style-guide/style/callouts.txt

.. default-domain:: mongodb

> Callouts or admonitions emphasize important or helpful information. Use
> callouts sparingly to avoid clutter on the page and to preserve visual impact. 

Reviewer: Consider rephrasing the second sentence in the form to (x), (y):

```suggestion
Callouts or admonitions emphasize important or helpful information. To
avoid clutter and to preserve visual impact, use callouts sparingly. 
```

Reviewer 2: @JuliaMongo, did you want to incorporate this feedback?

Author: Yes, I just forgot to save. Addressed.

   attempt to create callouts using boldface, headings, or custom
   :abbr:`CSS (Cascading Style Sheets)`.

- Don't stack multiple callouts directly after one another, as these can
  distract users. To avoid stacking callouts, group supplemental information
  from callouts into a dedicated section.

> - Don't use callouts in tables and option lists, if possible, because
>   callouts reduce the scannability of tables and options lists.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If possible, don't use callouts in tables and option lists.
  Callouts reduce the scannability of tables and options lists.
```

-  Avoid nesting callouts inside tables and other elements.

-  Avoid nesting code blocks inside callouts.

-  Place a callout as close as possible to the information that it
   emphasizes or clarifies.

> -  Avoid stacking callouts of the same type. For example, avoid adding
>    one labeled note directly after another labeled note. Instead, use
>    separate paragraphs or an unordered list within a single callout.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  Avoid stacking callouts of the same type. For example, avoid adding
   one labeled note directly after another labeled note. Instead, use
   a single callout that contains separate paragraphs or an unordered list.
```

   attempt to create callouts using boldface, headings, or custom
   :abbr:`CSS (Cascading Style Sheets)`.

> - Don't stack multiple admonitions directly after one another, as these

Reviewer 2: Let's stick with "callouts" for now.

```suggestion
- Don't stack multiple callouts directly after one another, as these
```

>   can be distracting for users. To avoid stacking admonitions, group

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  can distracti users. To avoid stacking callouts, group
```

>   supplemental information from admonitions into a dedicated section.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  supplemental information from callouts into a dedicated section.
```

> - Don't use admonitions in tables and option lists, if possible, because

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Don't use callouts in tables and option lists, if possible, because
```

>   admonitions reduce scannability of tables and options lists.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  callouts reduce the scannability of tables and options lists.
```

-  Avoid nesting callouts inside tables and other elements.

-  Avoid nesting code blocks inside callouts.

-  Place a callout as close as possible to the information that it
   emphasizes or clarifies.

> -  Avoid "stack" callouts of the same type. For example, avoid adding
>    one labeled note directly after another labeled note. Instead, use

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
-  Avoid stacking callouts of the same type. For example, avoid adding
   one labeled note directly after another labeled note. Instead, use
```

-  Avoid "stack" callouts of the same type. For example, avoid adding
   one labeled note directly after another labeled note. Instead, use
   separate paragraphs or an unordered list within a single callout.
   You can have callouts of different types follow one

>    another.

Reviewer 2: I recommend we remove this. Too contradictory to above.
